"""
The patient experienced chest pain and fatigue and was diagnosed with coronary artery disease.
Shortness of breath and dizziness were reported, leading to a diagnosis of coronary artery disease.
Chest tightness and palpitations were observed, confirming coronary artery disease.
Angina and sweating were noted, which indicated coronary artery disease.
Fatigue and lightheadedness led to a diagnosis of coronary artery disease.
The patient had severe chest pain and shortness of breath, and was diagnosed with myocardial infarction.
Sweating and nausea occurred before the patient was found to have a myocardial infarction.
Palpitations and dizziness were reported, confirming myocardial infarction.
Chest tightness and fatigue indicated myocardial infarction.
Dyspnea and lightheadedness led to a myocardial infarction diagnosis.
The patient experienced angina and chest pain, leading to a diagnosis of angina pectoris.
Shortness of breath and fatigue were reported, confirming angina pectoris.
Palpitations and dizziness occurred during activity, indicating angina pectoris.
Chest tightness and sweating were observed, consistent with angina pectoris.
Dyspnea and weakness led to a diagnosis of angina pectoris.
The patient had fatigue and shortness of breath and was diagnosed with heart failure.
Edema and ankle swelling were observed, indicating heart failure.
Dyspnea on exertion and weakness confirmed heart failure.
Palpitations and lightheadedness led to a heart failure diagnosis.
Orthopnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea were reported, consistent with heart failure.
The patient experienced headaches and dizziness, leading to a diagnosis of hypertension.
Fatigue and palpitations were observed, confirming hypertension.
Shortness of breath and chest tightness indicated hypertension.
Weakness and lightheadedness were reported, consistent with hypertension.
Sweating and nausea led to a hypertension diagnosis.
The patient had palpitations and tachycardia, and was diagnosed with arrhythmia.
Chest discomfort and dizziness indicated arrhythmia.
Syncope and lightheadedness were observed, confirming arrhythmia.
Fatigue and palpitations led to an arrhythmia diagnosis.
Shortness of breath and arrhythmia were reported, consistent with arrhythmia.
The patient experienced palpitations and shortness of breath, leading to a diagnosis of atrial fibrillation.
Fatigue and dizziness were observed, confirming atrial fibrillation.
Chest tightness and lightheadedness indicated atrial fibrillation.
Dyspnea and palpitations were reported, consistent with atrial fibrillation.
Syncope and weakness led to a diagnosis of atrial fibrillation.
The patient had fatigue and shortness of breath and was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy.
Palpitations and edema were observed, confirming cardiomyopathy.
Chest tightness and weakness indicated cardiomyopathy.
Dyspnea and ankle swelling were reported, consistent with cardiomyopathy.
Lightheadedness and tachycardia led to a cardiomyopathy diagnosis.
The patient experienced cyanosis and shortness of breath, leading to a diagnosis of congenital heart disease.
Fatigue and palpitations were reported, confirming congenital heart disease.
Chest pain and dizziness indicated congenital heart disease.
Dyspnea and weakness were observed, consistent with congenital heart disease.
Syncope and lightheadedness led to a diagnosis of congenital heart disease.
The patient had leg pain and fatigue, and was diagnosed with peripheral artery disease.
Numbness and weakness were observed, confirming peripheral artery disease.
Cold extremities and dizziness indicated peripheral artery disease.
Pain on walking and shortness of breath were reported, consistent with peripheral artery disease.
Edema and ankle swelling led to a peripheral artery disease diagnosis.
The patient experienced sudden weakness and dizziness, leading to a stroke diagnosis.
Facial drooping and syncope were observed, confirming stroke.
Chest tightness and lightheadedness indicated stroke.
Nausea and vomiting were reported, consistent with stroke.
Fatigue and palpitations led to a stroke diagnosis.
The patient had leg swelling and pain, leading to a deep vein thrombosis diagnosis.
Edema and ankle swelling were observed, confirming deep vein thrombosis.
Leg tenderness and fatigue indicated deep vein thrombosis.
Weakness and dizziness were reported, consistent with deep vein thrombosis.
Palpitations and shortness of breath led to a deep vein thrombosis diagnosis.
The patient had sudden shortness of breath and chest pain, and was diagnosed with pulmonary embolism.
Palpitations and tachycardia were observed, confirming pulmonary embolism.
Sweating and dizziness indicated pulmonary embolism.
Fatigue and dyspnea were reported, consistent with pulmonary embolism.
Chest tightness and lightheadedness led to a pulmonary embolism diagnosis.
The patient experienced chest pain and shortness of breath, leading to a pericarditis diagnosis.
Fatigue and palpitations were observed, confirming pericarditis.
Sweating and chest tightness indicated pericarditis.
Dyspnea and weakness were reported, consistent with pericarditis.
Lightheadedness and tachycardia led to a pericarditis diagnosis.
The patient had fever and fatigue, and was diagnosed with endocarditis.
Palpitations and shortness of breath were observed, confirming endocarditis.
Chest tightness and dizziness indicated endocarditis.
Sweating and weakness were reported, consistent with endocarditis.
Lightheadedness and nausea led to an endocarditis diagnosis.
The patient experienced severe chest pain and dizziness, leading to aortic aneurysm diagnosis.
Back pain and shortness of breath were observed, confirming aortic aneurysm.
Palpitations and lightheadedness indicated aortic aneurysm.
Chest tightness and fatigue were reported, consistent with aortic aneurysm.
Sweating and syncope led to a aortic aneurysm diagnosis.
The patient had sudden severe chest pain and shortness of breath, and was diagnosed with aortic dissection.
Back pain and dizziness were observed, confirming aortic dissection.
Palpitations and lightheadedness indicated aortic dissection.
Chest tightness and fatigue were reported, consistent with aortic dissection.
Sweating and syncope led to a aortic dissection diagnosis.
The patient collapsed suddenly with syncope and was diagnosed with cardiac arrest.
Palpitations and loss of consciousness were observed, confirming cardiac arrest.
Chest pain and shortness of breath indicated cardiac arrest.
Fatigue and dizziness were reported, consistent with cardiac arrest.
Lightheadedness and arrhythmia led to a cardiac arrest diagnosis.
The patient experienced sudden collapse and syncope, leading to a sudden cardiac death diagnosis.
Palpitations and chest pain were observed, confirming sudden cardiac death.
Shortness of breath and dizziness indicated sudden cardiac death.
Lightheadedness and arrhythmia were reported, consistent with sudden cardiac death.
Fatigue and loss of consciousness led to a sudden cardiac death diagnosis.
The patient had chest pain and fatigue, and was diagnosed with ischemic heart disease.
Shortness of breath and dizziness were observed, confirming ischemic heart disease.
Palpitations and chest tightness indicated ischemic heart disease.
Sweating and lightheadedness were reported, consistent with ischemic heart disease.
Dyspnea and weakness led to an ischemic heart disease diagnosis.
"""